[intense music playing]
How dare you lay your filthy hands
on my Arshes.
Brace yourself for a trip to hell.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Hmm. Well?
What are you going
to do now, Dark Schneider?
-[Yoko] Nei!
-[Dark Schneider] Arshes!
[Arshes groaning]
Dark Schneider Golem Punch!
-[Abigail grunting]
-[Arshes groaning]
[hard rock music playing]
[Abigail groaning]
[Abigail] That was a dirty trick.
You won't get away with it!
Oh, shut up!
You made the mistake
of really pissing me off!
Now I'm gonna rip your dick off
and feed it to Lars!
[Lars] Wait. What?
Oh, Darsh!
[Yoko grunting]
[Yoko] No wonder she's happy.
The person she loves most
in the world fought for her.
I can understand how she feels.
I've never seen Lucien like this before.
You all right?
Yes, now that you're here.
[Yoko] There is a strong bond
between the two of them.
One that nobody else
can ever fully understand.
To Nei, Dark Schneider
is obviously more than just a father.
Much more.
What's so great
about a guy like him, anyway?
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
FIERCE BATTLE
That was a sneaky trick, Dark Schneider!
You fight dirty!
That was incredibly unfair!
[seething] Shut up, you upside-down idiot!
When you're in a fight,
the only thing that matters
is being the winner.
There's no such thing as unfair.
Whoever beats up the other guy wins.
You moron!
Trying to take me on
when you don't even know
the first rule of battle?
[Abigail seething]
I still can't believe anyone
could stoop so low!
-You ask me, they both stoop pretty low.
-[Lars exclaiming]
-Where does it hurt?
-[Arshes moaning]
That feel better?
[soldiers muttering indistinctly]
-[Dark Schneider muttering]
-[Arshes moaning]
Stop it now.
That's quite enough
of that indecent display.
I can see that I, Bon Jovina,
have a great deal to teach you
about what it means
to be a knight and a man.
First and foremost,
you must never resort
to dirty tricks in battle.
You must defeat your enemy
fairly and squarely.
-Only then will you know true victory.
-[Arshes moaning]
And you must rid yourself
of all vulgar thoughts.
And you must--
Are you listening?
Have you heard a word I said?
[Dark Schneider] Shut up, you old geezer!
If the enemy fights dirty,
then you gotta fight even dirtier.
And if the enemy doesn't fight dirty,
you fight dirty anyway.
-When a man fights, he fights to win.
-[Arshes moaning]
It doesn't matter how he does it.
Fair or unfair,
he'll take it any way he can get it.
'Cause when you're fighting a battle,
there is no second place.
There's only winning and losing.
And if you lose, you won't be able to
protect your own precious women!
You've gotta hit the enemy first
and keep on hitting them
until their last breath leaves their body!
[Yoko sighing]
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[intense music playing]
Watch out, Abigail!
I'm coming to get you!
So you are.
I can see that you're coming,
but will you get me?
That's another thing entirely.
[Arshes grunting]
[Gara] What the hell's he up to now?
[Abigail] The fact is my power
is greater than yours.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
[Dark Schneider gasping]
Compared to me,
you are little more than a tiny speck
of dust blowing in the wind!
Abigail Collider!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[music fades]
[Demonic King hissing]
[Dark Schneider grunting] Huh?
[gasping] Just like that the golem's gone.
-[priests murmuring]
-[Head Priest] Oh no! Oh dear, oh dear!
Such incredibly destructive power.
[Sheila's breath shuddering]
[Arshes] It's just like before.
I don't sense any magic.
Could it be?
[Dark Schneider] I get it.
It's the magic of the ancient world.
[chuckling] This guy is pretty good.
Hey! Watch it! Dark Schneider, behind you!
[Abigail cackling]
Fairly impressive,
wouldn't you say, Dark Schneider?
And that was only a tiny fraction
of the great power of evil
that once destroyed all of humankind.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
You got me shaking in my boots, Abigail.
In fact, I'm so impressed,
I wouldn't mind getting myself a set of
demonic treasures of my very own someday.
Now I know why people say
that Anthrasax's destructive power
is so great, it's downright unfathomable.
Who would've thought
that those crazy demonic treasures
would have so much power?
What's that?
[priests murmuring]
[Head Priest]
The three demonic treasures are…
But how could it be?
[tense music playing]
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] That's right!
The three demonic treasures are weapons
created by the sorcerers and alchemists
of the ancient world,
using the same secret arts they used
to create the God of Destruction.
Very clever, Dark Schneider.
Of all the Four Divine Kings,
you are definitely
the most difficult to manage.
You're too smart for your own good.
Your instincts are too sharp.
Your magic is too powerful.
Your desire is too strong.
Your emotions are too unstable.
You are an enigma to me!
I don't understand you at all!
Dark Schneider,
will you bow down to me,
the great Abigail,
and swear to obey me?
Say yes, and in return,
I'll give you some of my power.
[both grunting]
[Yoko gasping]
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
No, I'm good.
All right! Then die!
[gasping]
[screaming]
No! Dark Schneider!
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] How about that, huh?
Witness the triumph of evil!
Even the legendary Dark Schneider
is helpless in the face of my power,
the power of darkness!
Now all that is left is for me
to take possession of the last seal.
And then, this world
will be turned into hell on earth!
Goodness will fall,
and death, darkness,
and fear will rule all!
[Abigail cackling]
[Head Priest] It's all over now!
[priest] Dark Schneider is dead!
We're doomed! Doomed!
[Sheila] Dark Schneider!
[Yoko] Lucien!
[Dark Schneider] Evil?
Huh?
[Dark Schneider] So this is evil?
This is your power,
your power of darkness?
[Dark Schneider chuckling] Is that it?
[deep rumbling]
[Abigail] What?
[Abigail grunting] No!
[hard rock music playing]
[Dark Schneider grunting, straining]
[Dark Schneider roaring]
[Yoko gasping]
Ha! You call this evil, Abigail?
You sad, deluded, old idiot!
I'll show you what the power of evil
really looks like!
[Abigail yelping]
[Dark Schneider grunting]
I'm not your doormat!
Get your dirty feet off of me!
No way! No!
[Abigail whining, grunting]
[Dark Schneider] You big baboon.
How dare you step on me,
the handsome hero!
Okay. Playtime is officially over!
Time to put an end
to your miserable existence,
using the power
of some extra evil magic I've been saving!
Raven!
-[Lars exclaiming]
-[Yoko screaming]
-[Gara grunting]
-[Yoko gasping]
Thanks. Are you okay, Gara?
This is not good.
When they guy gets like this,
he just never quits.
[Yoko gasping]
[cackling] Watch and learn!
[Yoko] You're right. That look.
That's a sign
that Lucien is about to go on a rampage.
I think we might want
to evacuate the castle.
[Abigail] Hmm. Isn't that interesting?
So you're going to try to use magic
against me, are you?
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Of course, you're a wizard.
Magic's really the only thing
you've got to fight with.
[Dark Schneider]
I've got news for you, Abigail.
Oh?
Dark Schneider's magic
isn't like anyone else's magic.
I've never lost a single battle or duel
in 400 years of fighting.
And I'm not about to lose one
in the next 400 years either!
[hard rock music playing]
[Abigail scoffing] You fool.
I'm going to beat
that cocky fighting spirit out of you.
Go ahead, say your spell.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] The moment you finish your chant
is the moment you die, Dark Schneider!
[Arshes] No. Magic won't work against him.
When Dark Schneider unleashes his spell,
his defenses will be down,
the moment Abigail's been waiting for!
Don't do it! Darsh, no!
Ego ego azaragorai…
Ego ego zameragon…
O Prince of darkness, evil beast,
open up your jaws wide, prepare to feast!
[both gasping]
Could that be Ian's cave of gloom,
the black ball?
No! No!
Any spell but that!
A barrier.
It's Ancient Magic!
[priests murmuring, marveling]
[Geo] That… that's a forbidden spell.
Get down! Everyone take cover, now!
Flesh and bone, devour it all…
Make this whole world your dining hall!
[Abigail shuddering]
Bones, balls, and foreskin!
Devour every bit of him!
[Dark Schneider cackling]
[Dark Schneider] Ed Zepelion!
[otherwordly growling]
[Gara gasping]
What is that?
[priests exclaiming]
[growling]
[Abigail] What the…?
[triumphant music playing]
No! What's going on?
[cackling]
Starving demon spirits.
I summoned them from hell
to keep you company in there.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
But you won't have long to get acquainted.
Because those things'll eat anything
when they're hungry.
And they're always hungry.
[Geo] Of course.
A demonic treasure
can only be wielded by a demon.
So the only thing that can destroy
a demonic treasure is a demon.
Huh.
Abigail wasn't expecting that.
[Abigail yelping, moaning]
God you're an idiot!
Did you really think
you could go up against me
and come out of it still breathing?
[cackling]
-[Abigail screaming]
-[Dark Schneider] Die!
[cackling]
[Yoko grunting]
[Dark Schneider cackling]
[Anthrasax screeching]
[priests screaming]
No, no, no, no! It can't be!
It's impossible!
The last seal hasn't been broken yet!
[priests screaming]
-[Anthrasax screeching]
-[priest] Anthrasax is m-m-moving!
[Sheila groaning]
[priests exclaiming]
[Sheila grunting]
[priest] Princess Sheila!
What's the matter?
[Sheila] It's so hot.
My body is so hot all of a sudden.
[Geo] Hmm. Could it be?
[chuckling]
Lunchtime's over.
[Abigail grunting]
What?
He just broke through the barrier!
[Abigail roaring]
[Dark Schneider gasping, grunting]
[inaudible]
[Abigail roaring]
-Darsh!
-Dark Schneider!
[Yoko] Lucien!
[intense music playing]
[Abigail growling]
You lowdown,
stinking bastard, Dark Schneider!
It really hurts my feelings
when you underestimate me like that!
[Geo grunting] Unbelievable.
He broke through the barrier
of the forbidden spell.
And he seems to be completely unscathed!
[Head Priest]
His power is truly terrifying!
Not even the demon spirits could stop him.
Is it impossible to destroy
the demonic treasures
now that they've merged?
[priest] Princess, stay strong!
-[Sheila groaning]
-Sheila, are you ill?
What's the matter, child?
[Sheila groaning]
[Sheila] I feel like I'm going to burst!
What does it mean, Great Priest?
Could it be…
[gasping]
[Head Priest gasping]
Look! The sky over Judas!
[priest gasping] That storm! It's… it's…
[Geo] Impossible.
It's impossible!
[Sheila groaning]
[Geo] Is the fourth seal
starting to break?
[Sheila screaming]
[Geo] Why?
[lightning cracking]
[Anthrasax screeching]
[Dark Schneider screaming]
[Abigail] Tell me. How did you create
that link to the demon world?
How on earth do you get
that kind of power, you mongrel?
It's a secret.
But admit it,
those flesh-eating demons had you scared.
You were pissing in your pants,
weren't you?
[Abigail] Fool!
Did I not warn you
not to underestimate me?
[Dark Schneider yelling]
[Arshes] No!
[yelping] Darsh, get out of there!
[Abigail cackling]
Not so cocky, now are you, Dark Schneider?
Huh? Huh?
[Abigail cackling obnoxiously]
[priest yelping]
[Head Priest] Oh no!
He really is going to die!
Then that's it. It's all over!
It's really over for us this time!
And that means this anime is over!
[all exclaiming]
[Lars] I can feel it.
I definitely feel it.
The God of Destruction's tremendous power
is flowing
into both Dark Schneider and Abigail.
Who in the world are those two?
[Yoko] Lucien.
[Sheila moaning] Dark Schneider!
[Abigail cackling]
And that should finally put an end
to the myth
of Dark Schneider's invincibility.
[ominous music playing]
So… so Dark Schneider really is…
[Arshes crying]
[Gara] …dead?
[lightning cracking]
[Abigail cackling]
Finally!
Now I can create hell!
Cries of despair from weaklings like you
will fill the air of this benighted world!
[Abigail cackling]
[priest] Oh, dear god.
[Abigail] Now there's only one thing left
for me to do.
And that's to rip the seal
from your body, Princess Sheila!
-What?
[all gasping]
[Yoko] The last seal is inside Sheila?
But there's no way.
It's impossible!
But… but how could Abigail
have known that?
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Of course I know, Great Priest!
You always feared our power,
so you came up with the idea of hiding
the seal in the one place in this kingdom
where it would be hardest to find
and easiest to protect.
In other words, you decided
that you would use magic
to transplant the seal
into the princess' abdomen.
-Just you wait, you fools.
-[Geo gasping]
[Abigail] With the help of Anthrasax,
the God of Destruction,
I'm going to envelop this world
in blood, darkness, and despair!
[Abigail cackling]
-[priest] He… he's coming for us!
-[priest 2] What do we do?
So is this how it ends?
[Sheila groaning]
[intense music swelling]
[Sheila breathing heavily]
[Sheila] Dark Schneider…
Please
you must wake up.
You have got to protect the world.
[music fades]
[Abigail] Huh?
[Dark Schneider growling]
[Yoko gasping] Lucien!
[Abigail seething]
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
[Dark Schneider] You know, this world
doesn't exist just to be your plaything
to do whatever you want with.
Whoa!
The power of darkness,
it's gathering around Dark Schneider.
This big, wide,
wonderful world is special.
It wasn't put here
for just anyone to use.
In fact, it wasn't put here
for anyone else.
It was put here for me and me alone.
This world is my plaything, and I'll be
the one who decides what to do with it.
[hard rock music playing]
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf.
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf, van sielck.
Turn to ash.
Wise men of Hades, all.
Hold fast the seven keys.
Swing wide the gates of hell!
[Head Priest] W-what is it?
[priest] That spell…
But that's his most powerful spell of all!
No!
[priests yelping]
[Head Priest]
Make him stop! Make him stop!
Madness!
Have you gone completely
out of your mind, Dark Schneider?
[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
Stay out of this, upside-down man!
I'm gonna blow
this stupid castle sky-high!
Helloween!
[music fades]
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]